Ever dreamt of making your own car game?
Maybe a traffic simulator? Well, did you
know you can make pixel cars in Pixelab?
Let me show you how I made all of these.
I used the create small to XL image
tool, and I prompted low top-down cars
front-facing different models flat
shaded. Pretty cool, right? So, these
are my style references now. I'll go to
the create image from style reference
tool, [music]
and I'll add all of these as my style
references. Now I can prompt for
different cars and get them [music] in
the same perspective and style. And
tada, we got a bunch of different cars
now. So, the next thing to do [music] is
rotating them.
I'll head over to the rotate category,
and I'll hit rotate to eight directions.
Now just set the reference, describe the
subject, and you can of course choose
the perspective, and just hit generate.
[music] And look, now we have a fully
rotated car. Let's try another one. So,
I'll do literally the same thing, just
set the reference, [music] describe the
vehicle. So, this is what? Like a blue
car with cream accents. Hit generate,
and there you go, beautiful. To end the
video, I'm going to try a bigger car now
with a 128 by [music] 128 canvas. Let's
try a vintage beige car roofless as the
prompt, and boom. Make sure to check out
all of our tools at pixelab.ai.